statue on 275 here at the kotobukiya boy
was very happy to see my bu Jose I've
been dying to see this one looks amazing
the jury finally see a painted
close soon to come I can't wait also for
the poison and Sakura little Street
better we see the existing ones out
already as a variant date with a pink
Chumley and the blue and then the
Academy
Nina Williams and Williams
from the
from the tech in line as well they also
have this doubt so I was stuff
oh and a lightsaber chopsticks you know
that
that's very cool Boba Fett
this one's forming as the arms the arms
go up so the guns in two different
positions expand it is like Sarah
targets and spies here
but that's a girl boogie boo
one more look at that jury
alright stage 1 275 here at the other
side of the kotobukiya booth where we
have the Superman
the Wonder Woman looks amazing can't
wait for that to come out
and these are so affordably priced
Batman
which is less than all
see some more of the smaller ones down
there
is this kind of fight
yeah they look at me they look really
good
Oh
bigger than amazing
specifically
stop man looks good i'll be doing a
review of that soon tatana looks really
cool not painted yet but
ah yeah
want to go with the US veneman yeah
finally they finally put it up
that is a great